---
title: "2"
date: 2018-08-07T07:43:10-04:00
draft: true
---

He wished it would rain every morning from that day on. Yesterday the aluminum-foil came off. Such a great feeling, the water hitting his fresh skin. It had been a long four months. He really didn't remember much from it after the first few weeks. Putting it on is a fun change, but after a few weeks, he stops registering any memories. He didn't think that had anything to do with anything special about the foil (it was nothing advanced -- Cooks had been using it as long as there had been Cooks); he thought you just don't log anything when you can't feel anything against your skin.

*Why did they even put it on?* But he knew he was playing ignorant as he asked. If he hadn't put it on, there'd be no freshness in taking it off.



He wished it would rain every morning, at least for a couple of weeks. He kinda remembered putting it on, but he didn't remember having it on much.

The oil smelled like summer spices. He saw the shine it left on the top of his steering wheel and the oval on the armrest. Already it was almost gone from his skin. Now the cold air coated him instead. The asphalt under his feet was black and shiny. Every slight breeze motivated his steps. He was nervous. Nothing like it in the last four months.

The order had come later this year. But there was no anticipation. No thinking about it. Or thinking. Oh. He realized it was not only having it on he didn't remember; he didn't remember much of anything from that whole time.

What if he lived somewhere where they don't use the aluminum foil? He'd miss that day. And he was happy that day.






